Name: Waqar Ahmed

Background:
Aresult-oriented individual with 4+ years of background in creating and executing innovative software
solutions to enhance business productivity. Highly experienced in all aspects of the software development
lifecycle and end-to-end project management, from concept through to develop and delivery. Consistently
recognized as a hands-on and competent leader, skilled at coordinating cross-functional teams in a
fast-paced, deadline-driven environment to steer timely project completion within budgetary constraints.


Building things is my passion, sometimes that means a small tool that’s useful to me, or a more ambitious
product that can be more broadly useful to others. From scratch to production ready software we work
together with commitment and love sharing knowledge, experiences, best practices and ideas.

Skills:
● Experienced working on Multiple Node.js frameworks, Express.js, Nest.js and Meteor.js and
building innovative and complex applications.
● Great experience of working on Frontend Angular Framework. Proficiency on Creating
self-contained, reusable, and testable modules and components.
● Deep knowledge of Angular, reactive programing(RxJS) and commonly used modules based on
extensive work experience.
● Extensive exposure of working on blockchain technology. Worked as a contributor to open source
blockchain wallets and trading platforms.
● Strong working background with Web3, EVM based Blockchains like Ethereum, Tron, Polygon
and Klaytn.
● Expertise in Development and deployment of Smart contracts, ERC-20 and ERC-721
tokens(NFTs).
● Blockchain wallets, Trading bots, centralized exchanges, Blockchain Integration and blockchain
explorer development are my core experiences in blockchain technology.
● Expertise in Typescript includes Generics, Decorators, Namespaces, Module, Middlewares,
Interfaces, Classes, Enums, Dependency injection, Routes, and Custom Types.
● Extensive experience of about 4+ years working on relational and non-relational databases:
postgresql, mysql, mongodb.
● Experienced working on In-memory databases for real time applications and services. I worked
with the following in memory databases: Redis, SQLite, LevelDB.
● Highly experienced with multiple object relational mappers i.e TypeORM, Sequelize and
Mongoose.

Interests:
In addition to my tech interests, I am an avid learner and enjoy keeping up with the latest developments 
in the world of web, frontend and backend technologies.I find great satisfaction in mastering new tools and technologies and applying them to real-world scenarios.

Beyond tech, I have a passion for outdoor activities, including hiking and cycling. These activities not only help me stay physically fit but also provide a much-needed mental refresh. I also love exploring different cuisines and experimenting with cooking new dishes.

GitHub Repository:
Feel free to explore my journey and projects on my GitHub repository: [GitHub URL](https://github.com/Xgrid-Bootcamp/app-bootcamp-2023)

I am thrilled to be a part of the App Bootcamp 2023 and look forward to collaborating with like-minded individuals, contributing to the community, and continuing my growth as a MERN Stack professional.

Let's connect and build amazing things together!